delhi - Google Search
G
o
o
g
l
e
×
Please click
here
if you are not redirected within a few seconds.
All
Maps
News
Images
Videos
Shopping
Books
Search tools
Any time
Any time
Past hour
Past 24 hours
Past week
Past month
Past year
All results
All results
Verbatim
Top stories
Delhi News Live Updates: ‘Whole country knows this was a faulty case,’ says 
BRS MLC K Kavitha as she walks out of Tihar jail
The Indian Express
3 days ago
Several Parts of Delhi Receive Rainfall
NDTV.com
9 hours ago
`No Flight From Delhi To Dehradun, Jaipur And Chandigarh Come January 
2025?`: Nitin Gadkari`s Highway Plans...
Zee News
2 hours ago
Delhi HC holds lawyer guilty of contempt for appearing before court in 
drunken state
The Hindu
52 minutes ago
Delhi: First-Year Medical Student Dies By Suicide At Maulana Azad Medical 
College Hostel, Police Say
ABP Live
54 minutes ago
Attendants of drunk patient ‘attack’ junior doctor at east Delhi hospital
Times of India
15 hours ago
‘Delhi hospitals 30% short of doctors’, says minister Saurabh Bharadwaj, 
accuses LG of ‘inaction’
Hindustan Times
5 hours ago
Anand Mahindra calls Delhi vendor 'anti-inflation Tsar' for serving meals 
at Rs 50
India Today
8 hours ago
Delhi excise policy case: Supreme Court grants bail to BRS MLC K Kavitha | 
Today News
mint
11 hours ago
Delhi High Court rejects plea to speedily implement live-streaming of 
hearings
Bar and Bench
7 hours ago
Home | Government of National Capital Territory of Delhi
delhi.gov.in
13 Aug 2024
·
Home Government of National Capital Territory of Delhi राष्ट्रीय राजधानी क्षेत्र दिल्ली सरकार · Main navigation · Search · Latest News.
Delhi - Wikipedia
en.wikipedia.org › wiki › Delhi
Delhi, officially the National Capital Territory (NCT) of Delhi, is a city and a union territory of India containing New Delhi, the capital of India.
New Delhi
·
Delhi Sultanate
·
History of Delhi
·
Delhi Metro
Delhi
City in India
Delhi, India’s capital territory, is a massive metropolitan area in the country’s north. In Old Delhi, a neighborhood dating to the 1600s, stands the imposing Mughal-era Red Fort, a symbol of India, and the sprawling Jama Masjid mosque, whose...
Area
:
1,483 km˛
Area code
:
+91 11
Capital, Delhi Sultanate
:
1214
Capital, Mughal Empire
:
1526, intermittently with
Agra
Elevation
:
200–250 m (650–820 ft)
HDI (2018)
:
0.839 (Very High) · 1st
Literacy (2011)
:
86.21%
Show more
Show less
See results about
New Delhi
Capital of India
People also ask
What Delhi is famous for?
Is Delhi a city or a state?
Is Delhi a cheap city?
Why is Delhi the capital?
Welcome to Delhi Tourism: Official Tourism Website for Government ...
delhitourism.gov.in
About Delhi. Delhi Tourism, a government undertaking facilitating tourism since 1975 will take you to a guided tour of the Delhi through this website.
About Delhi
·
Stay in Delhi
·
Unexplored Delhi
·
Delhi For Kids
Images
View all
View all
Welcome to Delhi Metro Rail Corporation(DMRC) | Official Website
delhimetrorail.com
Delhi Metro is a world-class metro. To ensure reliability and safety in train operations, it is equipped with the most modern communication and train ...
Welcome To Delhi Highcourt
delhihighcourt.nic.in
Circular regarding Toll Free Helpline No. 1888 operational in English as well as Hindi vernacular in Delhi High Court. Contact details of eSewa Kendra of High ...
Delhi University: Home
www.du.ac.in
About DU: OverviewVision and MissionVC's Messages & VideosDU RankingSocial OutreachDU-NIRFDU - NAACDU e-JournalsUniversity HandbooksAnnual ReportsUniversity ...
DELHI POLICE Shanti Sewa Nyay
delhipolice.gov.in
Services · Missing / Stolen Mobile Phones · View Complaint Status · Complaint Lodging · NOC / License · R T I · Download Forms · Stolen Vehicles Search · Un- ...
Delhi Airport (DEL) Official Website: Gateway to the World
www.newdelhiairport.in
Indira Gandhi International Airport, India's largest & most advanced airport. Find live flight information, airport facilities, & tips for seamless travel.
In & Around Delhi
·
New Delhi Airport Tender Notice
·
Live Flight Tracker
·
Contact
People also search for
Delhi High Court
New Delhi
Allahabad High Court
Supreme Court of Ind...
delhi.gov.in login
Delhi Map
Delhi state name
New Delhi
delhi is in which state? - quora
delhi.gov.in vacancy
Delhi area
Population of Delhi in Crores
Next >
Mohd.Shapur, Telangana
From your IP address
-
Learn more
Sign in
Settings
Privacy
Terms
Dark theme: OffError 404 (Not Found)!!1
404.
That’s an error.
The requested URL
/maps%3Fq%3Ddelhi%26um%3D1%26ie%3DUTF-8%26ved%3D1t:200713%26ictx%3D111
was not found on this server.
That’s all we know.Delhi News Live Updates: ‘Whole country knows this was a faulty case,’ says BRS MLC K Kavitha as she walks out of Tihar jail | Delhi News - The Indian Express
Sections
English
தமிழ்
বাংলা
മലയാളം
ગુજરાતી
हिंदी
मराठी
Business
बिज़नेस
Newsletters
Edition
India
International
Tuesday, Aug 27, 2024
ePaper
Today’s Paper
Journalism of Courage
Home
ePaper
My Express
UPSC
India
Explained
Opinion
Politics
Business
Entertainment
Sports
Cities
Lifestyle
Tech
Education
Research
Videos
Subscribe
Sign In
Trending
UPSC Pack
🇮🇳 I-Day SALE
Express Shorts
Mini Crossword
Premium
🎙️ Podcast
Health & Wellness
Advertisement
News
Cities
Delhi
Delhi News Live Updates: 'Whole country knows this was a faulty case,' says BRS MLC K Kavitha as she walks out of Tihar jail
Delhi News Live Updates: ‘Whole country knows this was a faulty case,’ says BRS MLC K Kavitha as she walks out of Tihar jail
Delhi News Live Updates, Today: A bench of Justices BR Gavai and KV Viswanathan passed the order after noting that the investigation is over and trial will take a long time to conclude.
By:
Express Web Desk
Updated: August 27, 2024 22:10 IST
BRS leader K Kavitha addressed party workers outside Tihar Jail as she walked out of the jail. (Express Photo by Amit Mehra)
Delhi News Live Updates, August 27, 2024:
“Whole country knows this was a faulty case,” said BRS MLC K Kavitha as she walked out of Tihar jail today after the Supreme Court on Tuesday granted bail to her in cases initiated by the Enforcement Directorate (ED) and the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) in relation to the alleged corruption in the implementation of the now-scrapped Delhi excise policy. A bench of Justices BR Gavai and KV Viswanathan passed the order after noting that the investigation is over and trial will take a long time to conclude.
In other news, a Delhi court on Tuesday extended the judicial custody of Delhi Chief Minister
Arvind Kejriwal
in excise policy case till September 3. He has been in judicial custody ever since March after his arrest by the Enforcement Directorate in an alleged money laundering case linked to the excise policy.
How is the weather today?
The India Meteorological Department (IMD) has predicted a generally cloudy sky with light to moderate rain and thundershowers, accompanied by gusty winds, for Tuesday. The minimum temperature recorded on Tuesday was 22.2 degrees Celsius, which is 4 notches below normal. Light rainfall or drizzle is likely to occur in NCR (Gurugram), Jhunjunu, Kotputli, and Bharatpur (
Rajasthan
) till 11 am on Tuesday according to the IMD.
Live Updates
22:34 (IST) 27 Aug 2024
BJP slams AAP govt's 'world class education', flags poor condition of MCD school at Kapashera
Delhi BJP leaders on Tuesday slammed the AAP government over its claim of providing "world class education" in the city, alleging they found small children sitting on floor mats at the MCD school in Kapashera that also lacked basic facilities like toilets and drinking water.
The AAP hit back at the BJP alleging the MCD earned the title of "most corrupt department" when it ruled the civic body. The AAP will transform the MCD schools just as it has done with the Delhi government schools, the party asserted in a statement.
A delegation of Delhi BJP, including its president Virendra Sachdeva and South Delhi MP Ramvir Singh Bidhuri, visited the primary school of the Municipal Corporation of Delhi (MCD) ruled by the AAP.
"The AAP government, which claims to have given a world-class education model to Delhi, has forced hundreds of students in its MCD schools to sit on jute mats in the classes," Sachdeva said after the visit.
He said the BJP will file complaints with the lieutenant governor of Delhi and the National Commission for Protection of Child Rights (NCPCR) to ensure immediate action for providing basic facilities to the children.
(PTI)
22:11 (IST) 27 Aug 2024
'Whole country knows this was a faulty case,' says BRS MLC K Kavitha as she walks out of Tihar jail
"Whole country knows this was a faulty case," said BRS MLC K Kavitha as she walked out of Tihar jail today after the Supreme Court on Tuesday granted bail to her in cases initiated by the Enforcement Directorate (ED) and the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) in relation to the alleged corruption in the implementation of the now-scrapped Delhi excise policy. "All I have to say is that law will prevail, law will take its course," said Kavitha.
#watch
| Delhi: BRS leader K Kavitha says "All I have to say is that law will prevail, law will take its course. The whole country knows this was a faulty case..."
pic.twitter.com/ejPce0hLnm
— ANI (@ANI)
August 27, 2024
https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js
21:43 (IST) 27 Aug 2024
Delhi News Live: I have done nothing wrong says BRS leader Kavitha after being released on bail
"I have done nothing wrong," said  Bharat Rashtra Samithi (BRS) MLC K Kavitha after walking out of Tihar jail after the Supreme Court on Tuesday granted bail to her in cases initiated by the Enforcement Directorate (ED) and the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) in relation to the alleged corruption in the implementation of the now-scrapped Delhi excise policy.
"We will fight and prove ourselves innocent," said Kavitha.
20:28 (IST) 27 Aug 2024
Excise case: Money generated in 'scam' used as per wishes of Arvind Kejriwal, CBI tells court
The CBI on Tuesday claimed before a Delhi court that the money generated from the excise "scam" was spent according to the wishes of Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal, who promised Rs 90 lakh to each candidate of his party in the 2022 Goa assembly elections.
The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) made the submission before Special Judge Kaveri Baweja, who extended the judicial custody of Kejriwal in the case of alleged corruption till September 3.
The CBI urged the court to take cognisance of a charge sheet that it has filed against Kejriwal and others.
“Money has been spent according to the wishes of Kejriwal...the entire money was sent in the funds of AAP. He had promised Rs 90 lakh to be given to each candidate of each constituency and there are 40 constituencies in Goa,” the CBI told the court, which reserved the order on whether to take cognisance of the charge sheet for September 3.
The CBI told the court that Vijay Nair, a co-accused and former AAP communication in-charge, was appointed by Kejriwal to negotiate a deal with the 'South Group' comprising BRS leader K Kavitha, Raghav Magunta, Arun Pillai, Butchibabu Gorantla, P Sarath Reddy, Abhishek Boinpally and Benoy Babu. All of them are co-accused in the case.
(PTI)
19:27 (IST) 27 Aug 2024
Delhi court likely to hear Lok Sabha MP Engineer Rashid's bail plea on Aug 28
A Delhi court is likely to hear on August 28 an application filed by Lok Sabha MP Rashid Engineer, who is in jail since 2019, seeking regular bail in a 2017 Jammu and Kashmir terror funding case.
Sheikh Abdul Rashid, popularly known as Engineer Rashid, defeated former chief minister and National Conference leader Omar Abdullah in the Baramulla constituency in the 2024 Lok Sabha polls.
Additional Sessions Judge (ASJ) Chander Jit Singh had on August 20 issued notice to the National Investigation Agency (NIA) and directed it to file its response by August 28 on his plea.
The court had earlier granted Rashid custody parole to take the oath of office on July 5.
Rashid has been in jail since 2019 after he was charged by the NIA under the Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act in the alleged terror funding case. He is at present lodged in Tihar jail.
The former MLA's name cropped up during the investigation of Kashmiri businessman Zahoor Watali, who was arrested by the NIA for allegedly funding terrorist groups and separatists in the Kashmir Valley.
(PTI)
18:38 (IST) 27 Aug 2024
Delhi court orders release of Kashmiri separatist Shabbir Shah in one of three cases
A Delhi court has ordered release of Kashmiri separatist leader Shabbir Ahmad Shah in one of the three cases in which he is currently in jail in the national capital.
Shah will continue to remain in jail in the two other cases lodged against him here.
Additional Sessions Judge Dheeraj Mor ordered release of Shah in a money laundering case linked to terror funding, observing that he has been in continuous custody since July 26, 2017.
The judge noted that the maximum punishment for the offence of money laundering is seven years, while his ongoing detention exceeded that period.
"The accused is facing trial for offence under PMLA (Prevention of Money Laundering Act) and the maximum substantive sentence prescribed for the said offence is seven years. He is in continuous custody in this case from July 26, 2017 and since then, more than seven years have passed. Accordingly, he is entitled to be released in this case," the judge said in an order passed on August 24.
The two other cases have been lodged by NIA and ED respectively.
(PTI)
17:57 (IST) 27 Aug 2024
Delhi News Live: BRS MLC K Kavitha walks out of Tihar jail
Bharat Rashtra Samithi (BRS) MLC K Kavitha walked out of the Tihar jail after the Supreme Court on Tuesday granted bail to her in cases initiated by the Enforcement Directorate (ED) and the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) in relation to the alleged corruption in the implementation of the now-scrapped Delhi excise policy. A bench of Justices BR Gavai and KV Viswanathan passed the order after noting that the investigation is over and trial will take a long time to conclude.
17:18 (IST) 27 Aug 2024
The trial court has sent the release order to the jail and she should be released in 1 hour or so: Counsel for K Kavitha, Advocate Mohit AP Rao
The Supreme Court on Tuesday granted bail to Bharat Rashtra Samithi (BRS) MLC K Kavitha in cases initiated by the Enforcement Directorate (ED) and the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) in relation to the alleged corruption in the implementation of the now-scrapped Delhi excise policy,
Bar and Bench
reported.
A bench of Justices BR Gavai and KV Viswanathan passed the order after noting that the investigation is over and trial will take a long time to conclude. Counsel for K Kavitha, Advocate Mohit AP Rao while talking to ANI said, "The trial court has sent the release order to the jail and she should be released in 1 hour or so...Justice will prevail over anything...Supreme Court has clearly said there are 493 witnesses and there are one lakh pages of documentary evidence in their possession. It will take more than 20 long years for the trial. You can't keep anybody in jail indefinitely. That's why bail was granted."
#watch
| Delhi: Supreme Court grants bail to BRS leader K Kavitha in the excise policy irregularities case.Counsel for K Kavitha, Advocate Mohit AP Rao says, "We have complied with all the formalities imposed by the Supreme Court. We have given our sureties...We have furnished…
pic.twitter.com/I3H1msdKFB
— ANI (@ANI)
August 27, 2024
https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js
17:12 (IST) 27 Aug 2024
Delhi News Live: Four criminals arrested after encounter in Noida
Four people accused of committing several robberies in Delhi-NCR have been arrested following an encounter here, police said on Tuesday.
Three of the criminals were injured during the encounter after being shot in the leg, a police official said.
"A team from Phase-III police station was conducting checks near Garhi Gol Chakkar when they spotted two motorcycles with four people on them. When the police signalled them to stop, the suspects attempted to flee, prompting the police to chase them down and surround them," Deputy Commissioner of Police (DCP) (Zone II) Shakti Mohan Avasthi said.
The accused have been identified as Dhirendra alias Veer Singh from Uttar Pradesh's Hamirpur district, Purushottam from Badaun district, Imran alias Chacha from Amroha district and Sudhir Gupta from Shahjahanpur district.
"Upon realising they were cornered, the criminals opened fire on the police team, who then returned fire. Dhirendra, Purushottam and Imran were injured in the leg, after which all of them were arrested," DCP Avasthi said.
Three country-made pistols, a motorcycle, 14 mobile phones and Rs 8,000 cash were recovered from the arrested accused, he said.
"During interrogation, they revealed that Dhirendra, Purushottam and Imran sold the stolen mobile phones to their accomplice Sudhir Gupta. They also confessed to committing more than 12 robbery incidents in the NCR," the DCP added.
In another similar incident, four criminals were arrested Monday night for allegedly robbing a food company's van driver in Greater Noida.
(PTI)
16:47 (IST) 27 Aug 2024
Delhi News Live: K Kavitha likely to be released by 7:00 pm today
K Kavitha is likely to be released by 7:00 pm today, as per her lawyers. Release orders have been issued by Rouse Avenue Court. The Supreme Court on Tuesday granted bail to Bharat Rashtra Samithi (BRS) MLC K Kavitha in cases initiated by the Enforcement Directorate (ED) and the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) in relation to the alleged corruption in the implementation of the now-scrapped Delhi excise policy,
Bar and Bench
reported.
A bench of Justices BR Gavai and KV Viswanathan passed the order after noting that the investigation is over and trial will take a long time to conclude.
16:19 (IST) 27 Aug 2024
Rain lashes parts of Delhi
Several parts of Delhi received rainfall on Tuesday afternoon as the minimum temperature settled at 22.2 degrees Celsius, four notches below the season's average, according to the India Meteorological Department (IMD).
The IMD had on August 26 issued a 'yellow' alert for the national capital for Tuesday, predicting generally cloudy skies with light to moderate rain in the city along with thundershowers accompanied by strong surface winds (30 to 40 kmph).
The humidity levels in the city stood at 86 per cent at 8.30 am.
The maximum temperature during the day is likely to settle around 34 degrees Celsius.
Between 11:30 pm on Monday and 2.30 am on Tuesday, the Safdarjung observatory, which provides representative data for the national capital, recorded 16.4 mm of rainfall, Palam 8.6 mm and Najafgarh 2.5 mm, according to the IMD.
(PTI)
15:43 (IST) 27 Aug 2024
BRS leader K T Rama Rao hails SC granting bail to sister Kavitha
BRS Working President K T Rama Rao on Tuesday thanked the Supreme Court for granting bail to his sister and party MLC K Kavitha in the corruption and money laundering cases linked to the alleged Delhi excise policy scam and said justice has prevailed in the cases.
Rama Rao was in Delhi in view of Kavitha's bail plea coming up in the apex court on Tuesday.
"Thank You Supreme Court. Relieved. Justice prevailed," he said on X.
Several BRS MLAs and other party leaders, who were also in Delhi, congratulated Rama Rao over the Supreme Court granting bail to Kavitha.
BRS leaders celebrated the occasion and distributed sweets at the party's headquarters here.
The Supreme Court on Tuesday granted bail to Kavitha in the corruption and money laundering cases linked to the alleged Delhi excise policy scam.
(PTI)
14:58 (IST) 27 Aug 2024
Kavitha's husband reaches Delhi court to furnish her bail bonds in excise policy case
BRS leader K Kavitha's husband reached the Rouse Avenue Court for furnishing the former's bail bonds on Tuesday after the Supreme Court granted her bail in excise policy case.
14:40 (IST) 27 Aug 2024
Delhi court extends CM Kejriwal's judicial custody till Sept 3
A Delhi court on Tuesday extended Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal's judicial custody in excise policy case till September 3.
14:20 (IST) 27 Aug 2024
Hearing in corruption case linked to Delhi excise policy 'scam' begins
The hearing in the corruption case linked to Delhi excise policy "scam" case has begun.
13:26 (IST) 27 Aug 2024
What material do you have to show Kavitha's involvement, SC asks probe agencies
While hearing the bail plea of BRS MLC K Kavitha in excise policy case, the Supreme Court on Tuesday asked the ED and the CBI to show what "material" they had to prove that BRS leader K Kavitha was involved in the alleged Delhi excise policy scam, news agency
PTI
reported.
Additional Solicitor General S V Raju, appearing for the probe agencies, claimed that Kavitha had destroyed/formatted her mobile phone and her conduct amounted to tampering with evidence, according to the report.
Rohatgi termed the allegation "bogus".
"What is the material to show that she was involved in the crime," the bench asked Raju.
(PTI)
13:23 (IST) 27 Aug 2024
SC grants bail to BRS MLC K Kavitha in excise policy scam case
The Supreme Court on Tuesday granted bail to Bharat Rashtra Samithi (BRS) MLC K Kavitha in cases initiated by the Enforcement Directorate (ED) and the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) in relation to the alleged corruption in the implementation of the now-scrapped Delhi excise policy,
Bar and Bench
reported.
A bench of Justices BR Gavai and KV Viswanathan passed the order after noting that the investigation is over and trial will take a long time to conclude.
11:55 (IST) 27 Aug 2024
Key demands that JNU administration has agreed to
The key demands of the JNUSU that have been agreed to by the administration are -
The JNU administration has committed to increasing Merit-cum-Means (MCM) scholarships once additional funds are secured, extending these scholarships to students of the School of Education (SoE) and Management Studies.
The administration has also sent a letter to the UGC requesting an increase in funds for this purpose.
Additionally, they promised to release category-wise data on students, faculty, and staff within 15 days and to hold scheduled caste and gender sensitisation programmes in early September, the union said.
The Rector-I has verbally assured that admissions will be conducted through JNUEE starting from the next academic session, the union said.
The university has also agreed to present the Nafey Committee report at the upcoming Academic Council (AC) meeting for approval, which recommends reducing the weightage of viva marks to 10-15 per cent in admissions.
The university has also agreed to open Parthasarathy Rocks Gate from 6 am to 10 pm daily.
The administration has agreed to hold regular Student Faculty Committee (SFC) elections according to the academic calendar.
The administration has agreed to drop the inquiries initiated against students involved in a water protest outside the VC's residence and a sexual harassment case where the survivor staged a protest at the North Gate, blocking the main entrance for several days, the union said.
They also agreed to extend the PhD fellowship continuation form submission from monthly to every three months.
(Credit: PTI)
11:47 (IST) 27 Aug 2024
JNUSU ends hunger strike after 17 days, claims administration has agreed to its key demands
The Jawaharlal Nehru University Students Union (JNUSU) ended their hunger strike early Tuesday morning after 17 days of protest against the university administration to press their demands, news agency
PTI
reported.
"Due to the worsening health of the hunger strikers, JNUSU has decided to call off the hunger strike. However, our struggle is far from over. The mode of protest has changed but the fight for our demands continues with renewed determination," the JNUSU said in a statement.
The union claimed the JNU administration has committed to increasing Merit-cum-Means (MCM) scholarships once additional funds are secured, extending these scholarships to students of the School of Education (SoE) and Management Studies, according to
PTI
.
The administration has also sent a letter to the UGC requesting an increase in funds for this purpose. Additionally, they promised to release category-wise data on students, faculty, and staff within 15 days and to hold scheduled caste and gender sensitisation programmes in early September, it said.
The Rector-I has verbally assured that admissions will be conducted through JNUEE starting from the next academic session, the union said.
(PTI)
10:44 (IST) 27 Aug 2024
IMD sounds yellow alert for Delhi-NCR
The India Meteorological Department (IMD) has predicted a generally cloudy sky with light to moderate rain and thundershowers, accompanied by gusty winds, for Tuesday, as it sounded a yellow alert for today.
The minimum temperature recorded on Tuesday was 22.2 degrees Celsius, which is 4 notches below normal.
Light rainfall or drizzle is likely to occur in NCR (Gurugram), Jhunjunu, Kotputli, and Bharatpur (
Rajasthan
) till 11 am on Tuesday according to the IMD.
10:42 (IST) 27 Aug 2024
CM Kejriwal’s judicial custody concludes today, likely to appear in court for hearing in excise policy scam
The judicial custody of Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal in excise policy scam case will conclude on Tuesday, and he is expected to appear in court for further hearing in the matter.
He has been in judicial custody ever since March after his arrest by the Enforcement Directorate in an alleged money laundering case linked to the excise policy.
16:19 (IST) 26 Aug 2024
Aam Aadmi Party to launch 'Aap ka vidhayak, aap ke dwaar' campaign from September 1
In the lead up to the Delhi Assembly polls, likely to be held early next year, the Aam Aadmi Party announced the launch of the 'Aap ka vidhayak, aap ke dwaar' campaign from September 1, news agency PTI reported. Under the campaign, the MLAs will hold meetings at the 'mandal' level and booth level, involving discussions on the political scenario and the work done by the party. Thd decision was taken at a meeting of senior party leaders, held to chalk out the strategy for the assembly polls, PTI reported.
15:28 (IST) 26 Aug 2024
AAP calls BJP 'use and throw party', says councillors who switched will be sidelined after MCD polls
The AAP on Monday called the BJP a "use and throw" party, while saying that the five councillors who had jumped ship would be sidelined after the MCD Standing Commitee elections, news agency PTI reported. AAP leader Sanjay Singh further said that any leaders who quits AAP is "politically ruined".
Five AAP councillors joined the BJP on Sunday in the presence of the party's Delhi unit president Virendra Sachdeva. Sachdeva alleged that the councillors made the decision because of the   "pressure to indulge in corruption"  and pull in crowds for AAP.
13:23 (IST) 26 Aug 2024
3 dead, 2 injured as truck runs over people sleeping on road verge in Northeast Delhi
Three men died and two others were seriously injured in Northeast Delhi’s Shastri Park as a canter truck allegedly ran over them while they were sleeping on the central verge of the road on Monday morning.
The hit-and-run accident occurred at approximately 4.30 am behind the Shastri Park Metro station, said the police. The police said the truck was travelling from Seelampur towards the Iron Bridge when it veered off course, climbing onto the central verge where five people were sleeping.
The driver fled the scene after the accident, abandoning the truck, said the police.
Read the full story here.
#watch
| Delhi | This morning, three people died after a truck ran over a footpath in the Shastri Park area where 5 people were sleeping. The driver fled from the spot, leaving the vehicle behind. Further investigation underway: Delhi Police
pic.twitter.com/aXqJvpBB3C
— ANI (@ANI)
August 26, 2024
https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js
12:24 (IST) 26 Aug 2024
'Conspiring to play with the health of people of Delhi': AAP leader Saurabh Bharadwaj on felling of trees in Capital
Delhi Minister and Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) leader Saurabh Bharadwaj, referring to the felling of 1,100 trees in Satbari Ridge, based on the ongoing hearing of the matter in the Supreme Court, told news agency
ANI
, that the BJP and the L-G are conspiring to play with the health of the people of Delhi.
"The DDA contractor has given an email in his affidavit to the Supreme Court in which it is clearly written that the trees will be cut on the instructions of the Lieutenant Governor. On February 13, when the trees were being cut, the forest department officials stopped the trees from being cut. But on February 14, trees were cut without permission," Bharadwaj said.
"The Forest Department, DDA and the Lieutenant Governor knew that there was no permission, yet they got the trees cut. This evidence is exposing the BJP and the Lieutenant Governor today that they are conspiring in Delhi as to how to play with the health of the people of Delhi. How to increase pollution... I am inviting the Lieutenant Governor to come and have an open debate on this issue in front of the public so that people know the truth," Bharadwaj added.
#watch
| Delhi Minister and AAP leader Saurabh Bharadwaj says, "The DDA contractor has given an email in his affidavit to the Supreme Court in which it is clearly written that the trees will be cut on the instructions of the Lieutenant Governor. On February 13, when the trees…
pic.twitter.com/JhRajoE4AU
— ANI (@ANI)
August 26, 2024
https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js
11:58 (IST) 26 Aug 2024
IMD sounds 'yellow' alert in Delhi for Tuesday
There is no warning in the Delhi this week except on Tuesday, when there is a yellow alert, as per the India Meteorological Department's seven-day forecast.
There was no rainfall recorded for 24 hours till 8.30 am Monday in Delhi-NCR, as per IMD data.
The minimum temperature recorded on Monday was near normal at 26.8 degrees Celsius.
A generally cloudy sky with light rain and thunderstorm accompanied with gusty winds is expected by the Met office on Monday.
The AQI reported for Delhi was in the 'satisfactory' category at 69, as per the Central Pollution Control Board data at 11 am.
11:21 (IST) 26 Aug 2024
AAP to hold high-level meet to discuss Assembly elections and its strategy
A day after five AAP councillors joined the BJP, Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) is set to hold a high level meeting on Monday to discuss Assembly elections and its strategy.
The meeting will take place at former Deputy Chief Minister Manish Sisodia's house. All senior leaders will attend the meeting.
Sisodia will also address party workers and volunteers.
10:46 (IST) 26 Aug 2024
Light rains, cloudy skies likely in Delhi today
With a maximum temperature of 35 degrees Celsius and a minimum of 27 degrees Celsius, the national capital is expected to receive light rains accompanied by thunderstorms today.
The India Meteorological Department (IMD) has predicted cloudy skies for the city and heavy rainfall in isolated places until August 29.
10:10 (IST) 26 Aug 2024
5 arrested over shootout at Satya Niketan cafe
Five persons from Jahangirpuri were arrested early Monday for firing outside a cafe at Satya Niketan after a scuffle with their staff broke out after the latter objected to one of them sitting atop a glass table, DCP (Southwest) Rohit Meena told
The Indian Express
.
14:41 (IST) 25 Aug 2024
Delhi: Boy mistakes pistol for toy, carries it to school
A Class 6 student was found carrying a licensed pistol belonging to his father to school on Saturday in Dwarka’s Najafgarh area.
Informing about the case DCP (Dwarka) Ankit Singh said that they had received a PCR call on Saturday and upon reaching the private school, they discovered that the student was carrying a pistol in his bag.
14:39 (IST) 25 Aug 2024
Manish Sisodia arrives in Amritsar, says Punjab govt working efficiently under CM Bhagwant Mann
After concluding his padyatra in Delhi and being released from jail, former Deputy Chief Minister and AAP leader Manish Sisodia arrived in Amritsar on Sunday and said that the Punjab government under the leadership of CM Bhagwant Mann is working efficiently.
13:55 (IST) 25 Aug 2024
Delhi Police arrests illegal arms suppliers, eight country made pistols recovered
Delhi Police has arrested two members of an interstate arms supply gang who used social media platforms for their dealings, officials said on Sunday.
According to police, the accused used to procure the arms from Khargone in Madhya Pradesh which they supplied in Delhi/NCR.
The accused have been identified as Arvind Kumar (45) and Vinod Kumar (48) from Uttar Pradesh and eight country made 0.32 bore pistols recovered from them, police said.
Police received a tip-off on August 19 that two arm traffickers would be reaching Agra canal road in Jaitpur to deliver a consignment of illegal fire arms, Deputy Commissioner of Police (DCP) (special cell) Amit Kaushik said.
13:41 (IST) 25 Aug 2024
Delhi woman, daughter found dead at home in suspected double murder by husband
A 38-year-old woman and her 16-year-old daughter were found dead in their home in the Tikri industrial area of Delhi on Saturday morning, said the police. Initial investigations revealed that the woman’s husband was the primary suspect.
The incident came to light when the police control room received a call at 9.05 am. Upon arrival, the police discovered the bodies of Seema and her daughter in a room on the ground floor.
13:32 (IST) 25 Aug 2024
Agri Ministry tells insurer to clear claims after farmers complain
Days after farmers of Parbhani district in Maharashtra complained to Agriculture Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan about pending insurance claims of their soybean crop, the Centre on Saturday directed the insurance company concerned to clear the payment within 1 week.
According to the Ministry of Agriculture and Farmers’ Welfare, Chouhan interacted with farmers in Nanded on August 21.
13:00 (IST) 25 Aug 2024
Mann Ki Baat: "Youth of country have benefited a lot says PM Modi as he praises space sector reforms
In the 113th episode of his monthly radio address, 'Mann Ki Baat,' Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Sunday praised the advancements in India's space sector, saying that the youth of the country have benefited a lot from space sector reforms.
PM Modi also emphasized the significance of the recent National Space Day celebration on August 23.
The Prime Minister also spoke with the leaders of Galaxeye, a space-tech startup founded by IIT Madras alumni. Modi asked about how their technology would benefit the country.
12:41 (IST) 25 Aug 2024
3 children suffer severe burn injuries in fire at their Ghaziabad house
Three siblings suffered severe burn injuries after their house in the Nahal village of Ghaziabad’s Masuri caught fire in the early hours of Saturday.
The injured have been identified as Nahid, 14, and her brothers Faizaan, 10, and Junaid, 8. They were taken to Safdarjung Hospital in Delhi.
Assistant Commissioner of Police (Ghaziabad) Naresh Kumar said a short circuit had sparked the blaze. Kumar said that the incident occurred around 5.30 am in one Zakir’s house, where he lived with his wife and his three children.
11:18 (IST) 25 Aug 2024
Obscene videos pop up on ad panel at Connaught Place, FIR lodged
At 10.30 pm on Friday, the Delhi Police received a startling PCR call — “pornographic videos” were being displayed on an advertisement panel, managed by the New Delhi Municipal Council (NDMC), at the upscale Connaught Place.
The NDMC said the incident appears to have been a result of a “significant breach” in its digital systems, maintaining that all security measures are in place across all locations and that this is an isolated incident.
The Council has now launched an investigation to determine how the breach occurred.
11:03 (IST) 25 Aug 2024
Tracking cyber crime spike in Delhi-NCR
From dating, and investing in the stock market, to sending a courier — if you have a smartphone or internet connection, you could be a click or WhatsApp call away from losing your life savings in cyber fraud.
As per govt estimates, over 600 complaints of cyber crime have been reported across the country daily since 2021 and crores siphoned off. The Indian Express examines the extent of the cyber malaise in Delhi-NCR.
Read the full story here
11:01 (IST) 25 Aug 2024
Woman harassed by husband, in-laws over dowry shot dead in Greater Noida: Police
A 31-year-old woman was shot dead in the early hours of Saturday in Greater Noida’s Jaganpur village following alleged harassment by her husband and in-laws over dowry, said police.
“After a police team reached the spot, we saw Nidhi lying in a pool of blood. She was immediately rushed to the hospital where she was declared brought dead on arrival,” Kumar said.
10:11 (IST) 25 Aug 2024
Delhi's weather today
Delhi's minimum temperature was recorded a notch below average at 25.4 degrees Celsius on Sunday, the Met office said.
The humidity was at 86 per cent at 8:30 am.
The weather office has predicted generally cloudy skies with light rain during the day. The maximum temperature is likely to settle around 35 degrees Celsius.
The national capital's Air Quality Index (AQI) was recorded in the 'satisfactory' category with a reading of 91 at 9 am, according to the Central Pollution Control Board.
An AQI between zero and 50 is considered 'good', 51 and 100 'satisfactory', 101 and 200 'moderate', 201 and 300 'poor', 301 and 400 'very poor', and 401 and 500 'severe'.
21:39 (IST) 24 Aug 2024
Delhi court rejects plea accused to turn approver in DJB money laundering case
A court dismissed a plea filed by chartered accountant Tejinder Pal Singh to turn approver in a money laundering case in connection with the alleged irregularities in the Delhi Jal Board, news agency PTI reported. The court noted that it has to ensure that no guilty person escapes punishment by becoming an approver.
The Enforcement Directorate's final report on the case mentions Singh's name among the accused, along with DJB Chief Engineer Jagdish Kumar Arora, contractor Anil Kumar Agarwal, former NBCC general manager D K Mittal, and NKG Infrastructure Limited.,
18:58 (IST) 24 Aug 2024
'CBI dancing like a puppet on BJP's agenda', says AAP MLA Manish Sisodia; alleges conspiracy for 'headline management'
AAP MLA Manish Sisodia on Saturday said that the CBI was "dancing like a puppet on the BJP's agenda", while alleging that conspiracies were being hatched for "headline management".
"The day CBI goes to the court and says that our reply on the bail plea is not ready and therefore the bail hearing should be postponed by 14 days, the same day CBI's reply is given to the media so that CBI's reply can become a one-sided headline in the newspapers the next day," he posted on X.
Sisodia further said that though the agencies may dance to the political tunes, "the constitution and justice are always with the truth."
17:24 (IST) 24 Aug 2024
Woman, teenage daughter murdered in Delhi's Narela
A man allegedly killed his wife 38-year-old wife as well as their teenage daughter at the woman's residence in Narela, in Delhi's outer north area on Saturday, news agency PTI quoted police as saying.
The accused was staying at a separate house and had arrived at the victims' home early.
"A call was received at NIA police station at 9:05 am regarding a quarrel and police teams rushed to the spot," PTI quoted a senior officer as saying. The officer said that the woman and her 16-year-old daughter were found unconscious on the floor and were taken to the hospital, where they were declared dead on arrival.
17:12 (IST) 24 Aug 2024
BJP MLA approaches Delhi HC, alleges CCTV cameras installed only in AAP leaders' areas
A BJP MLA moved the Delhi High Court, alleging that CCTV cameras were being installed by the Delhi government only in areas where AAP leaders have been elected, news agency PTI reported.
The petition, which will be heard by a bench of Acting Chief Justice Manmohan and Justice Tushar Rao Gedela, has been listed for August 27.
The petition was filed by Abhay Verma, MLA from the Laxmi Nagar constituency in east Delhi.
13:53 (IST) 24 Aug 2024
Delhi News Live Updates: BJP MLA moves Delhi HC alleging discrimination in installation of CCTV cameras by AAP govt
A BJP MLA has approached the Delhi High Court alleging discrimination in the installation of CCTV cameras by the Delhi government. The plea claims that the Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) ruled Delhi government installing cameras only in areas represented by AAP MLAs and councillors, while areas represented by BJP MLAs and councillors are being overlooked.
The matter is scheduled to come for a hearing before the bench led by the Acting Chief Justice on August 27.
The petitioner Abhay Verma representing the Laxmi Nagar Assembly Constituency, claims that while Delhi Deputy Chief Minister Manish Sisodia announced the installation of 1,40,000 CCTV cameras across Delhi, his constituency was unjustly excluded. The Bharat Electronics Limited (BEL) had conducted a survey indicating a need for 2,066 cameras in Laxmi Nagar, but the installation was selectively carried out, benefiting only areas represented by ruling party leaders.
(With ANI inputs)
13:40 (IST) 24 Aug 2024
Watch | AAP Minister Atishi speaks on CBI getting Delhi L-G's sanction to prosecute CM Arvind Kejriwal
#watch
| On CBI reportedly gets Delhi LG's sanction to prosecute CM Arvind Kejriwal in excise case, Delhi Minister & AAP leader Atishi says, "...Arvind Kejriwal was arrested before the Lok Sabha elections in a false case. The conspiracy of the BJP is clearly visible, it is…
pic.twitter.com/JdLWEgpfd3
— ANI (@ANI)
August 24, 2024
ANI
12:57 (IST) 24 Aug 2024
Meanwhile, in the Kolkata rape and murder case the lie detection tests on the main accused and six others has begun, officials said.
The polygraph test on the main accused, Sanjay Roy, will be conducted in the prison, where he is lodged, while the remaining six, including former principal Sandip Ghosh and four doctors who were on duty during the night of the incident and a civil volunteer, will undergo test at the agency's office, the officials said.
A team of polygraph specialists from the Central Forensic Science Laboratory (CFSL) in Delhi have flown to Kolkata to conduct these tests, they said.
(With PTI inputs)
12:51 (IST) 24 Aug 2024
Delhi News Live Updates: 'Arvind Kejriwal will come out of jail' says AAP MLA Durgesh Pathak
AAP MLA Durgesh Pathak at a press conference in Delhi said, "Our dream of making Delhi a world-class and magnificent city will come true. Arvind Kejriwal will come (out of jail) and all development will resume rapidly. I just want to appeal to the BJP to stop this dirty politics,"
VIDEO | "Our dream of making Delhi a world-class and magnificent city will come true. Arvind Kejriwal will come (out of jail) and all development will resume rapidly. I just want to appeal to the BJP to stop this dirty politics," says AAP MLA Durgesh Pathak at a press conference…
pic.twitter.com/iXlF8hPfyX
— Press Trust of India (@PTI_News)
August 24, 2024
PTI
12:42 (IST) 24 Aug 2024
Delhi News Live Updates: Delhi High Court upholds CAT order reinstating Chhattisgarh IPS officer
The Delhi High Court on Friday upheld a Central Administrative Tribunal (CAT) decision that directed that a Chhattisgarh IPS officer suspended in 2021 be reinstated. The Centre had challenged the CAT’s April verdict.
A division bench of Justices Suresh Kait and Girish Kathpalia held on Friday that the CAT verdict on IPS officer Gurjinder Pal Singh “suffers from no infirmity”. Singh was the head of a Special Investigation Team (SIT) set up to verify the allegations against former Chhattisgarh chief minister Raman Singh in an alleged multi-crore public distribution system scam.
In its order, the CAT had directed that Singh be reinstated and had recorded that the First Information Reports (FIRs) against him were registered at the “behest of higher authorities of the (then Chhattisgarh) state government” as he did not toe its line.
12:18 (IST) 24 Aug 2024
Delhi News Live Updates: 'Pensions of around one lakh elderly people withheld' says Delhi Finance Minister Atishi
Pensions of around one lakh elderly people, withheld for the past five months, have now been resumed, Delhi Finance Minister Atishi announced Friday, targeting the BJP-led central government over the delay. Meanwhile, the BJP had questioned the AAP for no giving pensions to widows so far.
"By stopping the center's pension fund the BJP's only motive was to ensure that the citizen of Delhi suffers...eversince the Kejriwal government came into power in 2015, the whole country has been talking about the Kejriwal model and the Delhi model where water, electricity is free and health and education infrastructure has been improving. Arresting Kejriwal was an attempt at destroying the Kejriwal model, it was done to derail the party's work. Despite being in jail Arvind Kejriwal has ensured that the elderly receive their pensions, i had met the elderly who have received their pensions now, they were extremely happy and they were giving their blessings to Arvind Kejriwal, they are hopeful that he will be out of jail soon," AAP MLA Durgesh Pathak said addressing the press.
10:27 (IST) 24 Aug 2024
Delhi News Live Updates: Firing outside sweet shop in west Delhi
Two armed assailants had opened fire at a sweet shop in west Delhi's Tilak Nagar area and no one was injured in the incident, officials said on Saturday.
The incident took place outside Singla Sweet Shop at 11 pm on Friday, they said.
As per the initial information, two people came on a motorcycle and fired bullets at the shop's front glass before fleeing the scene, a police officer said.
Four empty cartridges were recovered from the spot but no injuries were reported, he said.
An FIR has been registered under relevant provisions of law and investigation has begun, the officer said.
According to the officer, it is suspected to be a case of extortion.
"Multiple teams have been formed to gather more information into the matter and trace the route of the assailants," he said.
Further information will be shared in due course of time, police said.
(With PTI inputs)
10:18 (IST) 24 Aug 2024
Delhi News Live Updates: Boy dies under mysterious circumstances at Delhi madrasa
A five-year-old boy studying at a madrasa in northeast Delhi's Dayalpur has died under mysterious circumstances, police said on Saturday.
There were blisters on the boy's neck, abdomen, and groin area, the police said.
According to the police, a call was received regarding the death of the boy in Brijpuri madrasa at 9.52 pm on Friday. "At 6.30 pm on Friday, the boy's mother was informed that her son was sick. She took him to a private hospital in Brijpuri, where doctors declared him dead," a police officer said.
She returned to the madrasa with her son's body and a large crowd gathered there. They kept the body on the road and demanded action action against the madrasa administration, the officer said.
Later the police reached the spot and shifted the body to the mortuary of GTB Hospital. The officer said they also assured proper investigation into the matter following which the crowd dispersed.
The mother, who is a domestic help in west Delhi's Punjabi Bagh area, told police that her son was studying at the madrasa for the past five months. The boy's father lives in Uttar Pradesh and visits Delhi once a month. The couple has two more children, a 10-year-old boy and eight-year-old girl, who live with the mother.
"Preliminary examination of the body revealed a large number of eruptions, blisters on the neck, abdomen and groin area," the police said in a statement.
Haji Din Mohammad is the principal of the madrasa, where about 250 boys study. Of these, 150 are from outside Delhi, primarily from Uttar Pradesh, the police said. Another officer said that further investigation is underway and that more details will be revealed after the postmortem.
(With PTI inputs)
10:16 (IST) 24 Aug 2024
Delhi News Live Updates: Technical snag delays metro services on Red Line
Train services between Shahdara and Dilshad Garden got delayed due to a technical snag in the Red Line on Saturday morning, Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) said.
The Red Line connects Rithala in Delhi to New Bus Adda in Ghaziabad, Uttar Pradesh.
"Delay in services between Shahdara and Dilshad Garden. Normal service on all other lines," DMRC said in a post on X
09:56 (IST) 24 Aug 2024
Good Morning!
The city is expected to observe cloudy skies and light rainfall today and if you are planning to commute with the Metro tomorrow check out the revised timings.
(X/@OfficialDMRC)
Click here to join The Indian Express on WhatsApp and get latest news and updates
© IE Online Media Services Pvt Ltd
Latest Comment
Post Comment
Read Comments
Tags:
delhi metro
PM Modi
Link Subscription
Subscribe
Sign In
e-paper
Premium
India
Elections 2024
Bollywood
Opinion
Political Pulse
Explained
Science
Cricket
Sports
World
Business
Entertainment
Jobs
Health
Lifestyle
Technology
Education
Movie Review
Eye
Trending
Cities
Newsletters
WebSeries
Photos
Videos
Audio
Web Stories
Trending
UPSC Pack
🇮🇳 I-Day SALE
Express Shorts
Mini Crossword
Premium
🎙️ Podcast
Health & Wellness
close
Edition
India
International
Subscribe
Sign In
e-paper
Premium
India
Elections 2024
Bollywood
Opinion
Political Pulse
Explained
Science
Cricket
Sports
World
Business
Entertainment
Jobs
Health
Lifestyle
Technology
Education
Movie Review
Eye
Trending
Cities
Newsletters
WebSeries
Photos
Videos
Audio
Web Stories
Top Categories
Explained News
Political Pulse
Latest Opinion
Mumbai News
Delhi News
Pune News
Bangalore News
Bollywood News
Health News
India News
Sports News
Lifestyle News
Latest News
Cricket
Tech Reviews
Gadgets
Mobile & Tabs
Food & Wine
Elections 2024
Fitness
Trending News
Latest News
Health and Wellness
Education News
Buy All-Access Plan
Entertainment News
Trending News
Political News
Business News
Why Subscribe Indian Express
Buy Digital Premium
Subscribe To The Indian Express
Indian Express subscription UPSC offer
Income Tax Calculator
Stock Market
LATEST STORIES
Meta to close augmented reality studio used by third-party
Why Jay Shah’s tenure is critical for cricket’s global leap
Traffic police imposes fines totalling over 1.05 crore for traffic violation on Janmashtami
Shivaji statue collapse: Sculptor, structural consultant booked on charges including attempt to murder
Chinese govt backed hackers exploit bug to compromise internet companies, cybersecurity firm claims
After near misses at Olympics, archer Dhiraj Bommadevara determined to hit bull’s eye in the long run
498 students awarded PhD this year: IIT-B records rise in number of PhDs awarded in last 5 yrs
Union MoS Ravneet Singh Bittu elected unopposed to Rajya Sabha from Rajasthan in bypoll
With a supercrop, this Pune entrepreneur is part of a global effort to save the planet
Spanish tourist found dead in Nepal, companion still missing
Senior IPS officer B Srinivasan appointed NSG chief
New Hampshire resident dies after testing positive for mosquito-borne encephalitis virus
Irregularities, forgery: FIR against 7 persons, including former DGP
India’s fast bowling crisis: Who is battle-ready to back up Bumrah, Shami, and Siraj?
Maharashtra CM: Mahayuti will break Vidhan Sabha ‘dahi handi’
Presidential transition planning has begun in earnest, but Trump and Harris are already behind
Follow Us
Download Apps
The Indian Express website has been rated GREEN for its credibility and trustworthiness by Newsguard, a global service that rates news sources for their journalistic standards.
Express Group
The Indian Express
ieTamil.com
The Financial Express
ieBangla.com
Loksatta
ieMalayalam.com
Jansatta
ieGujarati.com
inUth
IE Education
The ExpressGroup
MyInsuranceClub
Newsletters
26/11 Stories of Strength
Ramnath Goenka Excellence in Journalism Awards
Online Classes for Kids
Light House Journalism
Compare Term Insurance
Quick Links
T&C
Privacy Policy
Advertise with Us
Brand Solutions
Contact Us
Subscribe
Statutory provisions on reporting (sexual offenses)
This website follows the DNPA’s code of conduct
CSR
Copyright © 2024 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights ReservedSeveral Parts of Delhi Receive Rainfall
NDTV
World
Profit
हिंदी
Sports
MOVIES
FOOD
LIFESTYLE
HEALTH
SWASTH
TECH
Influencers
Games
Big Bonus
SHOPPING
Live TV
Latest
India
Videos
Opinion
Cities
Education
Cricket
Offbeat
Auto
Web Stories
Science
Trends
Photos
Feature
People
TV Schedule
Several Parts of Delhi Receive Rainfall
Search
News
Delhi News
Several Parts of Delhi Receive Rainfall
Several Parts of Delhi Receive Rainfall
The IMD had on August 26 issued a 'yellow' alert for the national capital for Tuesday, predicting generally cloudy skies with light to moderate rain in the city along with thundershowers accompanied by strong surface winds (30 to 40 kmph).
Delhi News
Press Trust of India
Updated: August 27, 2024 4:03 pm IST
The humidity levels in the city stood at 86 per cent at 8.30 am
New Delhi:
Several parts of Delhi received rainfall on Tuesday afternoon as the minimum temperature settled at 22.2 degrees Celsius, four notches below the season's average, according to the India Meteorological Department (IMD).
The IMD had on August 26 issued a 'yellow' alert for the national capital for Tuesday, predicting generally cloudy skies with light to moderate rain in the city along with thundershowers accompanied by strong surface winds (30 to 40 kmph).
The humidity levels in the city stood at 86 per cent at 8.30 am.
The maximum temperature during the day is likely to settle around 34 degrees Celsius.
Promoted
Listen to the
latest songs, only on
JioSaavn.com
Between 11:30 pm on Monday and 2.30 am on Tuesday, the Safdarjung observatory, which provides representative data for the national capital, recorded 16.4 mm of rainfall, Palam 8.6 mm and Najafgarh 2.5 mm, according to the IMD.
(Except for the headline, this story has not been edited by NDTV staff and is published from a syndicated feed.)
Also Read
Delhi Records Maximum Temperature Of 35.2 Degrees, Light Rain Likely Tomorrow
Boy, 15, Drowns While Playing In Delhi After Heavy Rain
Severe Waterlogging, Traffic Congestion In Delhi After Heavy Rainfall
Track
Latest News
Live on NDTV.com and get
news
updates from
India
and around the
world
.
Watch Live News:
Follow Us:
delhi rain
rain in parts of delhi
delh weather news
Trending
12 Members Elected Unopposed To Rajya Sabha, NDA Touches Majority Mark
Indian Students Protest Against Canadian Government Over Deportation Fears
Australian Scientist Claims He's Found Where Missing MH370 Plane Is
Astronomers Discover Object 500 Trillion Times Brighter Than The Sun
Pakistan Star Asked To "Pack Bags And Leave" After Bangladesh Test Debacle
"Will Fight Legally, Politically": K Kavitha Released From Jail After 5 Months
.
Take Measures To Prevent Waterlogging At Dhaula Kuan: AAP's Atishi To Officials
Delhi Man Experiences Epileptic Seizure, Falls Into Drain, Dies: Police
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Quick Links
World News
PNR Status
Education News
Business News
Sports News
MP Chhattisgarh News
NDTV Profit
Marathi News
Kolkata Protests
Nursing Trainee Raped
Champai Soren
Shivaji Statue Collapsed
Kangana Ranaut
Telegram Ban
Advertisement
................................ Advertisement ................................
Latest News
Akhilesh Yadav Slams BJP Over Kangana Ranaut's Remark On Farmers' Protests
Champai Soren Says Joining BJP, Points to Bangladeshi Infiltration
WHO Says Droplets A Minor Route Of Mpox Spread. What We Know So Far
ICAI CA Foundation September 2024 Admit Card Released
Zee, Sony Amicably Settle Disputes Over Failed Merger, To Withdraw Claims
About Us
Advertise
Brand Amp
Archives
Apps
Careers
Channels
Disclaimer
Feedback
Investors
Redressals
Service Terms
This website follows the DNPA Code of Ethics
© COPYRIGHT NDTV CONVERGENCE LIMITED 2024. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
livetv
arrow
print
email
chat
linkedin
reddit
WhatsApp
facebook
twitter
more
notification
search
snapchat
koo403 not available now
Error 403 not available now
not available now
Guru Meditation:
XID: 561891631
Varnish cache server